FARGO: Previously on Eureka...
ZOE: I got offered
early admission
to an undergrad
pre-med program
at Harvard.
SARAH: I still can't
believe our little girl
is leaving home.
This isn't
how I pictured
it going for us, either.
Yeah, bad timing.
Come here, Tess.
Mmm.
A private funder is
building a new ultra-large
radio telescope array,
and they need
someone to run it.
And where is it?
Australia.
That's far.
TESS: I don't
have you here.
lt's notjust
the distance, is it?
| just don't know
if I can do it anymore.
Bye, Jack.
Bye, Tess.
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Hey, Henry!
Nice ride!
Jack.
A classic.
1947 Chrysler New Yorker.
Wow.
Isn't that
something?
Yeah.
Sadly not mine
and, at the moment,
not running.
Where's your tow truck
when you need it, huh?
Yeah, if only
there were two of me.
Oh, don't tempt fate.
Wow! Engine parts
I can actually name.
(CHUCKLING) Yeah,
there's no fusion
power cells in this one.
I'm getting it ready
for Founders' Day.
Ah, right!
Right?
Come on, 60th anniversary.
It's gonna be a big party.
Yeah.
No, I'm not
in a party
sort of mood.
Oh, yeah?
Everything okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, no,
Tess and I just...
Oh, no, what happened?
Oh, oh, don't worry.
It's just, I think,
a clogged fuel filter.
Well, it's no wonder.
It's been sitting
in the museum
for the last decade.
Well, you can't
have Founders' Day
without the founder's car,
so I'll give you a hand.
Great.
Uh, Sheriff Jack Carter,
this is, uh... I'm sorry.
Grace Monroe.
l was volunteered
to organize Founders' Day.
That's a big job.
Oh, you have
no idea, Sheriff.
(PHONE RINGING)
Oh, think I might...
Oh, yeah?
Allison.
Yeah, sure.
So we'll talk later.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey!
All right,
so the filter's
down there.
Yeah...
(BABY COOING)
Hey, Allison,
what's up?
Oh, my blood pressure.
(CHUCKLES)
I need you to help
me with logistics
or Founders' Day
is going to be
the end of me.
Yeah?
I'm starting
to see why.
Yeah, all this
plus we're testing
dozens of projects
at Global Dynamics.
Kevin started with
a new rec therapist,
and Jenna,
she still hasn't slept
through the whole night.
You're trying to break
Mama's brain, aren't you?
(GURGLES)
The joys of being
a single working mother,
in charge of the most
dangerous minds
in the world.
It's a scientific
think tank, Carter,
not an insane asylum.
Yeah, tomato,
tom-ahto.
Hey, guys.
Cold War Cappuccino?
No, no, thank you.
No thanks.
Okay.
Thanks.
So I heard about Tess.
Oh, come on,
that just happened.
That just happened!
I know.
I called the house
to talk to you,
and SARAH answered.
I'm sorry.
Thanks.
You okay?
Uh... Yeah.
Yeah, I mean,
Zoe's coming home
from Harvard after finals,
and the house
has been really quiet,
so that'll be great.
Oh, well,
if you need noise,
you can always
come to my house.
I'd be happy
to take the kids
if you need a break.
No, no, no,
that's okay.
I actually,
finally found a nanny.
A nanny?
Mmm-hmm.
What has a nanny got...
What has a nanny got
that I don't have?
Like a PhD in early
childhood development
with an emphasis
on organic nutrition?
Lightweight.
Yeah, even Kevin
seems to like the guy,
which is unusual
with autism.
He's usually more comfortable
with technology than people.
Hey, baby,
how you doing?
You working hard?
He sure is.
These classics
aren't gonna
reassemble themselves.
Nice 'stache!
Thanks. Just showing
my town spirit, Sheriff.
Founders' Day celebrates
Albert Einstein's vision,
of building a haven
for the world's
greatest thinkers
to live and create.
Create havoc.
Well, not all the time.
I mean, these early
inventions are a testament
to that vision.
What's this one do?
That's a Van de Graaff
generator,
turned way down in case
someone's crazy enough
to actually touch it.
Look at my arm,
look at my arm!
What... Oh.
How old are you?
All right, I'm gonna take
Jenna back to the house.
Fargo, he's all yours.
Oh, I don't like
the sound of that.
All right,
we're gonna need
some traffic control,
nighttime security
for the science exhibits,
and if you could put
on a '40s-era uniform,
that'd be super.
We strive
for authenticity.
Yeah, can I finish
my run first?
Um, sure.
I'm not unreasonable.
Oh, man,
Cold War Cappuccino.
This is gonna stain.
Same Eureka,
different day.
Day's not over, yet.
ZANE: Morning, Jo.
Zane, what are you
doing in my cell?
Reminding you
how we first met.
Hmm.
l, uh...
I got you something.
Did you, now?
Hmm.
Huh.
And I suppose you'd like me
to try this on for you?
Something like that.
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
Zane.
Well, you already made
an honest man of me,
so let's make it official.
Marry me, JoJo.
Zane,L”
I don't know
what to say.
How about "yes"?
CARTER: Hey, Jo!
Fargo's got a job for...
No!
(LAUGHING) No!
Well, congratulations.
Congratulations.
Yeah, not so much.
Uh...
Uh, Zane, l...
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(DOOR CLOSING)
Oh, Jo.
Not right now, Carter.
Okay? Yeah.
Sure.
If you need anything,
you just call. Okay?
Yeah.
(PHONE RINGING)
Jo? Jo, is that you?
(LOUD RUSTLING)
Oh, it's gonna be
one of those days.
Hey, Henry!
Yeah, I...
Oh!
Sorry, thought you
were Henry Deacon.
No. Dr. Trevor Grant.
Nice to meet you,
Trevor. Nice suit.
You do Eureka proud.
I prefer "Dr. Grant."
And you are?
Already sick
of Founders' Day.
Look, Doc, could you give
me a lift back into town?
My phone's dead.
I got some tree
shrinkage to deal with.
Sure, sport.
Climb on in.
Thanks.
Looks nice, by the way.
(CHATTERING OVER CAR RADIO)
MAN ON RADIO:
Once again, sports fans,
this is Red Barber
at Ebbets Field,
where Negro League star,
Jackie Robinson...
(SIGHING) No way.
...is making his Major
League Baseball debut,
as the Brooklyn Dodgers
battle the Boston Braves...
Wow, you're taking
Founders' Day to
a whole new level.
Come again?
(SHUSHING)
Robinson swings.
It's a ground ball
to third,
fielded by Elliott,
and Robinson is thrown
out at first base.
Wow! What a career!
He goes
oh for three
in this game,
and then
six months later,
he's rookie of the year.
Amazing.
Changed the face
of baseball.
(RADIO CHATTER CONTINUES)
I didn't catch
your name, sport.
Oh, uh, not sport.
Jack Carter.
I look more officious
in my uniform.
I'll bet you do.
Oh, wow,
you guys go all out.
What I wouldn't give
to be unauthorized
again, huh?
(LAUGHING)
Interesting perspective.
So tell me, Sheriff,
you wouldn't happen
to have a badge
or a gun, would you?
Yeah. They're
back at my office.
Good to know.
Looks like we got ourselves
an unauthorized visitor, boys.
Major Ryan.
Step out of the car.
I don't have
time for this.
Slowly.
Okay.
Uh, look, I'm all
for a costume party,
but I gotta get
back to... Town.
(SOLDIERS CHATTERING)
This can't be real.
That real enough for you?
Cuff him.
(GRUNTING)
Rise and shine.
Oh, yeah.
Huh...
Wait.
You're...
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
just relax.
Buddy, this is serious.
You just assaulted
an officer of the law.
Do you understand that?
Right, because you're
the town sheriff.
Yes.
Of a town that
doesn't exist.
Nurse.
Nurse. Excuse me, hey.
Check out his head.
I need him healthy
enough to stand trial.
Allison,
I'm having
the weirdest dream.
(DOOR CLOSING)
I mean, the uniform's
usually smaller.
Carter, I don't think
this is a dream.
I think it's a dream.
For the handcuffs.
Oh!
This is familiar.
This is good.
Carter, stop messing around.
I need to get you out of here.
(MEN CHATTERING)
He's awake.
You get anything
on him?
He's not in any military
or law enforcement
personnel records.
You figure out
what that thing is?
Beats me.
Maybe a communication device.
I've never seen
technology so advanced.
This is a serious
security breach, Grant.
I'm gonna have
to call the General.
And tell him what?
Telegram for you, sir.
That this
intellectual community
that you're proposing
we build here
has been infiltrated
by a potential spy.
We don't know that, Ryan.
President Truman's
meeting with Professor
Einstein right now.
Until he returns...
MAN ON RADIO: ...in Brooklyn,
where Negro League baseball
star Jackie Robinson
went oh for three
at bat in his first
Major League game...
Did he say Robinson
went oh for three?
Hey, did he say Robinson
That's right,
Dr. Grant.
Told you he was overrated.
Let's go speak
to our town sheriff.
Where is he?
(SIGHING)
l'll sound the alarm.
No, no.
Don't sound the alarm.
Lock down the base.
We're about to celebrate
the official sanctioning
of this town.
I want this kept quiet.
So secure the base
and find him
without causing a panic,
or the project will
be over before it begins.
Here, try this.
You sure this isn't
some kind of science-
geek-Ren-fair thing?
Well, either we're sharing
the same delusion
or we're stuck in 1947.
Yeah, all right.
So what were you
doing, exactly,
right before you
came back here?
Well, I mean,
after I saw you,
I went back to my car,
and my phone died,
and then I was
in Casablanca.
My phone went dead too.
So? Maybe because
of whatever it was
that sent us here.
Okay, what about
the machine
in the street?
The thing that makes
the hair stand up
on your arm?
No, Van de Graaff devices
are electrostatic
energy generators,
not time machines.
Oh, all right, well,
maybe by themselves.
What happens if you
use it with a...
And you know...
What are you
doing in here?
Uh... Inventory.
(SIGHING)
You and half the base.
Save it for the dance.
Out.
Yeah.
Not exactly Mayberry,
is it?
Well, Eureka started
out as a military base.
The town
wasn't officially
founded until 1950.
Well, how do we get back
to our town and our time?
Well, lwish I knew.
Watch it, watch it.
What?
It's the jackass
who brought me in.
Dr. Grant.
We better not
let him find you.
lfthis is real,
our presence here
could change the course
of future events.
We have to keep
a low profile.
Okay.
(PEOPLE EXCLAIMING)
Is that Jo?
(HORN BLARING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
So much for keeping
a low profile.
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
(SIRENS WAILING)
(GRUNTING)
Okay, this
is really bad.
Yeah, for them.
She's small but scrappy.
Okay, I'll give her a hand.
No, no, no, you can't!
There's more soldiers coming.
If you get arrested,
we will never
get out of here.
We need a plan.
(MEN CHATTERING)
We have a man trapped!
I need help!
Hang on!
His foot's caught.
Got it.
All right. Okay.
Oh, he's not breathing.
Carter, get out of here.
They're looking for you.
No.
I can't leave him
like this. Now go.
I'll come back for you.
Let's get this
fire out!
Yes, sir!
What happened?
He stopped breathing.
Is it any wonder,
with you bouncing
on his chest like that?
Hey, lay off, will you?
No, stop,
I'm giving him CPR,
cardiopulmonary
resuscitation.
It's a new technique.
I learned it
in nursing school.
You don't say.
Oh, he doesn't
have a pulse.
I need a crash cart.
Isn't crashing
what did this to him
in the first place?
Electricity
to jumpstart his heart.
Soldier!
Soldier,
do you have jumper
cables in that thing?
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, I need you
to hook it up
to the engine coil,
ground it,
then hand me
the other end.
Now!
Sir...
Don't look at me.
She said now!
I hope to God you know
what you're doing.
(PANTING) Me, too.
Back up.
(GASPING)
Oh, my chest is on fire.
But you're alive
to feel it.
You're gonna be okay.
We'll get you
to the infirmary.
Medic! I need a medic!
Okay, okay.
Wait a minute.
Who are you?
Allison.
You learn that in
nursing school, too,
Allison?
Not exactly.
As you were.
RYAN: We have
the woman in custody.
After she took down
how many of your men,
Ryan?
Clearly she's been
well-trained.
She was carrying this.
Look familiar?
It's disabled,
just like the others.
Counting the guy
in the stockade...
That's three.
Right.
Nurse.
Aren't you gonna stay
with your patient?
Of course.
Hey, maybe you should
focus a little less
on the pretty nurse
and more on the fact
that we just had
a major security breach.
We still have no idea
who these people are.
Right now,
I'm more interested in
where they came from.
Keep searching, Ryan.
Let's get this
mess cleaned up!
(PANTING)
That the best you got?
l was just getting
warmed up.
(EXCLAIMS)
Where the hell am I?
FARGO: Jo? Is that you?
Fargo?
Oh, my...
(CRYING) I thought
I was gonna die alone.
Fargo, why are you naked?
Hmm...
Funny story.
Your clothes.
Give them to me.
Now.
JO: Seriously?
Fine.
Mmm-hmm.
l was changing
my costume when
the phone rang,
and then I was
standing, naked,
in the middle of a road
surrounded by soldiers.
Completely traumatizing.
Not just for you.
So what's your story?
l was trying
to reach Zane.
He asked me
to marry him.
He what?
I mean... He what?
He proposed.
God, and l...
l froze.
What's happening to us?
Based on the photos
from Founders' Day,
I'm... I'm pretty sure
we're in 1947.
l have no idea
how to get back.
What a bunch
of hype Robinson
turned out to be.
Yeah, well, you know
he's been under
a lot of pressure, so...
Oh, crap.
...I wouldn't
count him out
just at the moment.
You're all set here.
Henry!
(CLEARING THROAT)
(JEEP STARTING)
You're here.
Yeah.
Working.
Hiding in plain sight.
I mean, Eureka was
always progressive,
(CHUCKLING) Oh, man.
Amazing, isn't it?
You do realize that you,
me, Allison, and Jo
are all struck here.
And Fargo. They caught him
streaking through the camp.
Of course they did.
They're holding him
with Jo, which is a shame,
because he loves swing
and they're having
a dance tonight.
Henry, why are you not
more concerned about this?
I'm very concerned
about this, but we
have the opportunity
to view Eureka
before its founding,
when a few visionaries
changed the future.
Well, until "A,"
we destroy that future,
or "l3," we get...
Shot for treason.
Okay, yes,
there is a downside.
Okay, so...
How did we get here?
l was working under
the hood of that Chrysler
with that woman...
Oh, Grace.
Right.
And then my phone rang,
and l was under the hood
of thatjeep.
My phone rang, too,
as did Allison's.
Huh.
They're all fried.
So is mine.
Possibly an
electromagnetic pulse.
But whatever made this
happen would have to put out
a tremendous amount
of negative energy
in order to transfer matter
in a closed timelike curve.
Well, Tess was
saying something
about more solar flares
than they'd seen in decades,
putting out tons
of negative energy,
ironically right before
she broke up with me.
It was...
I know.
I'm sorry, Jack.
Yeah.
But I think she was right.
No, I mean about
the solar flares.
They cycle
every 11 years.
The last peak
of this magnitude was
in the late 1940s.
Well, that's it.
I mean, that can't be
a coincidence, can it?
But, still, it would take
a massive satellite antenna
to harness
that kind of energy,
and satellites haven't
been invented yet.
You sure about that?
Yeah, last time I looked.
Look again.
Okay.
Uh, we need to go
in there. Come on!
Henry.
Hello, again.
Oh, hello.
How's the patient?
Well, it was close,
but I think he's
gonna make it.
You know, I'm more
of a physicist
than physician,
but from where I stood,
you pulled off
a minor miracle.
Sometimes you just
have to improvise.
lmprovise. | see.
So tell me, Allison,
how is it somebody
with your...
Skills is, uh,
is still only a nurse?
So you think nurses
are less valuable
than doctors?
No, ma'am.
Just less appreciated.
Look, we have
a woman in custody.
She needs her
injuries treated.
And there's this naked kid,
needs some clothes.
I would be happy
to take a look.
At the injuries,
not the naked kid.
Glad you clarified that.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Whoo!
You keep searching.
I want him found. Go!
Yes, sir.
Major Ryan.
I just found these
hidden in the supply room.
And this.
(SIGHS)
Wow!
Well, do we know
what we're looking for?
I've seen this
equation before.
Yeah, and I've seen
this before.
This is the machine that
Kevin was fiddling with
on Main Street.
Oh, my God!
Is that good
"Oh, my God,"
or we're screwed
"Oh, my God"?
Well,
if that transmitter's
what I think it is,
then Kevin must have
created a link,
a network between
us and the machine.
Could he have used
our cell phones?
Well, they all rang
before we were transported.
They acted like beacons.
Henry, could he have
done this on purpose?
I'm not sure,
but I know who built this.
Hey, sport.
You boys want to tell
me what you're doing
in Dr. Einstein's lab?
Okay, gents,
start talking.
Make it snappy.
Okay.
You remember me,
uh, Jack Carter,
first-time caller,
longtime fan.
(ZIPPO CLICKING)
Henry Deacon,
Dr. Grant.
(STUTTERING) Wait...
Trevor Grant?
Uh, Deacon,
he prefers "Doctor."
He's kind of
sensitive about it.
Do I know you?
HENRY: No, but I know you.
I mean, Einstein
got all the press,
but your work is critical
to how we understand
21 st century
theoretical physics.
Did you say my work
and 21st century?
We're not
from around here.
Well, not yet anyway.
Einstein proposed that
two points in time-space
could be bridged with
a Lorentzian wormhole.
Wormhole.
Well, you helped build
the Einstein-Grant Bridge
to test the theory.
What, that?
We've been working
on it for years.
I've gotten close,
but I've never been
able to harness enough
of the sun's energy
to make it work.
Well, maybe energy
wasn't your problem.
Jack, you saw Kevin
with this same machine
on Main Street.
Maybe half an hour
before we arrived.
If he activated
it in 2010,
with the solar flares
we were seeing,
then maybe the machines
created a link
between the two times.
Until then,
you were building
a bridge to nowhere.
We built the other side.
Do you seriously
expect me to believe
that you're from
the future?
I think you already believe,
othenNise you would have
called the MPs by now.
That strange naked kid,
that terrifying woman,
they're with you.
Fargo.
That was Fargo
and Jo Lupo, yes.
And the nurse
with the unorthodox
training
and the amazing gams.
Oh, easy on the gams.
Allison, yes?
Yeah, whatever.
You're all together.
Well, we're all
from the Eureka
that you help create.
Now we need your help
to get us back.
(LAUGHS) rrr can.
The device is powered
by solar flares.
Satellite goes into eclipse
just after 11:00 pm.
After that,
bridge closed,
ain't nobody
going nowhere.
(POUNDING ON DOOR)
Dr. Grant,
it's Major Ryan.
Open the door.
Because that's
exactly the kind
of day I'm having...
Hide. l'mjust
on the phone with, uh,
Professor Einstein.
(POUNDING CONTINUES)
I thought I said
conduct the search
quietly.
Dr. Grant, we may
have another spy.
I found these and this.
That means we have
two in custody
and another two on base.
Any idea who
these belong to?
I'm narrowing the search.
Listen to me, Ryan,
I'm not entirely convinced
these people are spies.
Really?
Really.
lam.
I'm gonna find them,
prosecute them
and anyone who attempts
to protect them.
Dr. Grant asked me
to check her injuries.
Can you open
the cell, please?
You can treat her
through the bars.
She's surprisingly strong.
She'll need to disrobe.
Can we get some
privacy, please?
Sure. I could use
a smoke anyway.
Are you guys okay?
Do we look okay?
Well, I brought
you some clothes.
Thank God!
Henry and Carter
are here, too.
They went into
the concrete bunker
under the dish.
Here. We're gonna get
you guys outta here.
What's that?
Magnesium powder
from the fireworks
for the big
swing dance on base.
Really?
I love swing dancing.
Fargo, focus.
The powder should
burn hot enough
to melt the lock.
What about the MP?
I'll distract him
for as long as I can.
All finished.
So...
Going to the dance?
Okay, the lock is packed.
Try not to burn
the place down.
That's it?
This is gonna
take forever.
Can't we blow on
it or something?
No, but if we spray
it with water,
the hydrogen and oxygen
atoms will split
and intensify the heat.
Yeah, well, we're in jail.
Where are we supposed
to get water from?
Well, from us.
Tell me you are
not suggesting that
l pee on the flame.
Fine, I'll do it,
but turn around.
I can't go
if you're watching.
Hmm.
My hero.
It's hot!
Oh, sparks! So hot!
(FARGO EXCLAIMING)
You hear that?
It must be the dance.
Well, the batteries
are dead,
but the computer chips
are still good.
This technology
is astonishing.
It's just astonishing.
We've been developing
prototype transistors
for satellite
communications.
Where are they?
Yes, yes.
We may be able
to adapt these
to the telephones.
If we set them
to the same frequency
as the bridge device,
we can set up a network.
A network.
Yes, exactly.
So did you really set
a satellite in orbit,
a decade before
the world knew?
Oh, yes, we did.
It wasn't even that hard.
Wow, you rule,
but we still have
a big problem.
I got three
people out there,
and all the phones
are in here.
(CLANKING)
Just lost
the satellite link.
Two big problems.
Okay, listen, Sheriff.
Yeah?
You adjust the dial,
10 degrees to the south.
All right,
where do | go?
Perfect.
Save me a dance.
RYAN: Nurse!
How are they?
Just some minor
scrapes and bruises.
She's getting dressed now.
Just give her
a few minutes.
Good, good.
Actually, I came
here to see you.
A token
of my appreciation
for all your help.
Thought maybe you could
wear them at the dance.
Thank you, sir,
but that's not necessary.
Where is he?
"He" who?
The guy the clerk saw you
with in the supply closet,
where she found these.
Carter.
l have no idea.
Stupid satellite.
Stupid Grant.
Stupid 1947.
Oh!
(GRUNTING)
(STRAINING)
HENRY: Nice work, Jack.
(CHUCKLING)
Suck on that,
Founders' Day!
Allison.
Ryan has Allison.
I'm going after her.
How are the phones?
Well, I've got
two ready, I hope.
Great. You hope?
You'll never reach her
without getting caught.
I'll go with you.
Wait, I can't do
the others alone.
Well, I can't help.
I've gotta help him.
Well, maybe
we can help.
Fargo,
why are you on fire?
(SIGHING) I'd rather
not talk about it.
He stepped up.
Allison helped us out.
She said she saw you
headed this way.
Yeah, Ryan got her.
Jo, I need you
to guard the lab,
make sure Henry
and Fargo can work.
Done.
All right.
And you're all
from 2010?
Yeah.
Who's this guy?
Dr. Trevor Grant.
The Trevor Grant?
Yes, I am, actually.
(WHISTLING) We gotta go!
Yes. We'll get to Allison
as quickly as we can,
but Henry, you have to
turn on the beacons
before 11:00 pm,
or you'll all
be stranded here.
Got it.
I wish I was
coming with you.
It's a real pleasure
to meet you, Dr. Deacon.
No, the honor
is mine, Dr. Grant.
Don't break that.
That would suck.
Suck what?
Uh, forget it.
Here.
What?
Better take my jacket.
Here?
Thanks.
I hardly recognize
you, sport.
Seriously,
don't call me "sport."
Where are they?
I told you,
I don't know.
That's convenient that
they managed to escape
right after you were here.
Well, not so
convenient for me.
Oh, you think
this is funny.
Well, I think
she's funny.
And easy on the eyes.
And one
hell of a nurse.
What are you doing
here, Grant?
Looking for someone
to dance with,
and you're not my type.
Shall we, darling?
Uh...
Hey.
You didn't really
think I'd just let you
walk out of here
with her, did you?
I did.
You know, I did,
but he didn't.
Who?
Him.
Told you I'd be back.
Carter.
(CHUCKLES)
Here, take this.
What is it?
It's your ticket
home, sweetheart,
if they don't
catch us first.
Uh, I think
we got trouble.
Henry needs time
to finish the beacons.
Quick, in there.
It's easier
to hide in a crowd.
I'll try to buy you
some time. Go!
Okay. Thank you
for your help.
Don't thank me yet,
doll. Go, go!
(CHATTERING OVER PA)
(SWING MUSIC PLAYING)
What now?
Now we dance.
You dance?
I know some stuff.
Come on, Henry.
(MUSIC STOPS)
Almost there.
(ROMANTIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(SINGING)
Oh...
Can I have this dance?
Anytime, Henry.
Oh!
It's time.
Here we go.
Okay, uh, do you
have your phone?
Ah! I left it
in the otherjacket.
You what?
Go, go.
No, no way.
You have Kevin
and the baby.
And you have Zoe.
We don't have
time to argue.
You know what?
Maybe we don't
have to argue.
Hold my hands.
Hold your hands?
Hold my hands!
Look, I would rather us
be stuck here together
than leave either
one of us alone.
(SINGING CONTINUES)
Just for luck.
ALLISON: Carter!
Sorry, sorry.
Allison!
(PANTING)
Hey, hey.
You okay?
I think so.
How'd you know
that was gonna work?
(LAUGHING) I didn't.
You... Well,
thanks for keeping
that to yourself.
Thanks for the
"Just for luck."
(SIGHING)
Hey!
Everybody's here.
You okay?
Yeah. Can't believe it.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Thanks for getting
us home, Henry.
Couldn't have done
it without you.
Hey, hey, guys!
Great costumes.
(LAUGHING CONTINUES)
I never thought
I'd be relieved
to see Founders' Day.
Mmm-hmm.
And somehow everything
is just the same.
Yeah.
Uh, almost everything.
Archimedes used
to be granite.
CARTER: That isn't granite.
ALLISON: That's bronze.
Okay, wait,
if that's different,
other stuff could
be too, right?
Right.
I gotta get home.
Okay.
Zane.
I can't believe
you're still here.
Where else would I be?
I thought
after the way
that l reacted...
(SIGHING)
I'm sorry.
I don't know
what I was thinking.
Maybe I was just
thinking too much.
You know, I...
I do that
sometimes and...
Lupo, what the hell
are you trying to say?
I'm trying to say, "Yes."
Yes?
Yeah.
You'll ask Carter to let
me off for good behavior?
No, l...
Yes, lwill marry you.
(LAUGHING)
Me marry you?
Mmm-hmm.
In what universe?
GRACE: Henry, is that you?
:Ep‘?:;§=‘1§ 5?
i; ‘4‘; \T 2::
Uh, ljust
changed the oil
and the fuel filter.
She's all set to go.
(STAMMERING)
Great!
You okay?
Sure. Fine, yeah.
| just wanna shower
and get changed
and get ready
for the festivities
later today.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I'll see
you at home?
Yeah.
Hmm. Okay.
Don't forget this.
Uh...
Oh.
Kevin, honey?
Where are you? Kevin!
Relax, Mom, I'm right here.
Nice hat!
(STUTTERING)
Uh, where's your sister?
The nanny is
giving her a bottle.
I'm going to Dre's house.
He asked me to play Xbox,
and I finished my homework.
So can I go?
What?
Xbox, Dre's house, me.
(CLICKING TONGUE)
I'll be home before dinner.
Thanks, Mom.
Love you.
(DOOR CLOSING)
SARAH, are you there?
SARAH: Yes, Sheriff.
(EXHALING FORCEFULLY)
SARAH, is Zoe
still at Harvard?
Of course she is, Jack.
Where else would she be?
Look at you, handsome.
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
Mmm.
I thought you'd
never get here.
Yeah, me neither.
Can I get you a drink?
Yes, please.
Okay.
Oh.
Pardon me.
Hi, wow, nice clothes.
Vintage?
Yeah, you might
say that.
I wonder if you
could help me out.
I'm looking
for Allison Blake.